# Adapted and sanitized and enhanced from https://github.com/robinske/fortune/blob/master/fortunes.txt
"A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!"
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way."
"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" -- it implies all sorts of marvelous things.  It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory", quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good with ketchup."
"Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to get more wax!!"
$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
...  A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you have turned into a pile of dust.
1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's the law!
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
100 buckets of bits on the bus, 100 buckets of bits; take one down, short it to ground, FF buckets of bits on the bus!
186,282 miles per second: It isn't just a good idea, it's the law!
2 is always smaller than 3, even for large values of 2.
2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.
2 lacks generality in a way that 1 doesn't.
A "No" uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a "Yes" merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
A 6-char limit is like a 6-inch trout: throw it back.
A 6-char limit is like night.
A Cray is the best machine for simulating the performance of a Cray.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
A big book is a big nuisance.  - Callimachus, librarian of Alexandria
A billion here, a billion there; soon you're talking real money.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A chicken is just an egg's way of making more eggs.
A child can go only so far in life without potty training.  It is not mere coincidence that six of the last seven presidents were potty trained, not to mention nearly half of the nation's state legislators.
A child of five could understand this!  Fetch me a child of five.
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
A consistent indentation style is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned things is ample.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A coward is one who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
A day without sunshine is like night.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating his morning meal.  "I would like to give you this personality test", said the outsider, "because I want you to be happy." Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too."
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
A dozen, a gross, and a score, plus three times the square root of four, divided by seven, plus five times eleven, equals nine squared plus zero, no more.
A duck with three wings and a loaf of bread is brother to the sun god.
A duck with three wings and a loaf of bread is brother to the turkey.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A fly by night leaves no shadow beyond a doubt.
A fool and his money stabilize the economy.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry.  Hence University education.
A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
A game, a teaching aid, a sport, and a piece of art.
A gentleman is one who is never rude unintentionally.
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A good question is never answered.  It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of idea.
A goodly apple rotten at the heart: Oh, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest man a century.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
A hydrogen bomb doesn't care how brave you are.
A hypothesis is an opinion that you are trying to prove true.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Sam.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A jury consists of 12 persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
A king's castle is his home.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.  Buy the negatives at any price.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I believe everything positively stinks.
A man does not attain the status of Galileo merely because he is persecuted; he must also be right.
A man must destroy himself before others can destroy him.
A man said to the Universe: "Sir, I exist!" "However," replied the Universe, "the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
A mathematician is a machine for converting coffee into theorems.
A megabyte here, a megabyte there, and pretty soon you're talking real power.
A megaflop is a failure of gigantic proportions.
A mighty maze!  but not without a plan.
A more wretched hive of scum and villainy: not found.
A movie studio is the best toy a boy ever had.
A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.  "It is out on loan," the teacher replied.  At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside the stable.  "But I can hear it bray, over there." "Whom do you believe," asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?"
A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary. Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a round tuit now has no excuse for further procrastination.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A penny saved kills your career in the Pentagon.
A person is just about as big as the things that make him angry.
A philosopher does not need a torch to gather glow-worms by at mid-day.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.
A real Initiation never ends.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ...  a good reason and the real reason.
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
A resort area will be part of your next holiday plans
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A rose by any other name would still have thorns.
A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are worth committing.
A sharp tongue is the only edge tool that grows keener with constant use.
A sine curve goes off to infinity or at least the end of the blackboard.
A song in time is worth a dime.
A stitch in time keeps your tu-tu from becoming a four-four.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A system programmer is someone who debugs his programs with an oscilloscope.
A tautology is a thing which is tautological.
A theory is better than an explanation.
A thousand throats may be slit in one night by a running man.
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
A tree is best measured when it is down.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
A twisting road will take you to Warsaw, but you won't be bored.
A u.f.o.  closely encountered is no longer a u.f.o.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
A victory is the greatest tragedy in the world - except a defeat.
A watched terminal never prints.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A wise man never tries to warm himself in front of a painting of a fire.
A witty saying means nothing.
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets people's attention.
A witty saying proves nothing.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
AAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!
ARCHDUKE FERDINAND FOUND ALIVE -- FIRST WORLD WAR A MISTAKE
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
About all some parents accomplish in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
About all some parents accomplish in life is to send a child to Harvard.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Absence is better than a cure.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absentee, n.: A person with an income who has had the forethought to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.
Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder.
Abstainer, n.: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
Absurdity, n.: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are worthless.
Accounting software is structured as a set of tools that can be used to build accounting systems.
Acquaintance, n.: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
Ad pulchritudinem tria requiruntur; integritas, consonantia, claritas.
Admiration is our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Admiration, n.: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Adore, v.: To venerate expectantly.
After 24 hours, corpses and guests smell bad.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
After all, a murderer is only an extroverted suicide.
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything.  Just in case.
Afternoon, n.: That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning.
Air is water with holes in it.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
Alex Haley was adopted!
All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing without thinking.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I can think of is a platter of organic PRUNE CRISPS being trampled by an army of swarthy, Italian LOUNGE SINGERS ...
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly aurifers.
All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than others.
All dare to write, who can or cannot read.  -Horace, 'Epistles', Book II
All extremists should be taken out and shot.
All flesh is grass.
All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are Socrates.
All my friends and I are crazy.  That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
All my men wear badges, or they wear nothing at all.
All of the bridges between our today and our yesteryear have been burnt.
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
All of these futures having been sold, this fortune appears as a matter of record only.
All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of the United States.
All power corrupts, but we need electricity.
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income.
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
All syllogisms have three parts; therefore this is not a syllogism.
All that does not glitter is not not-gold.
All the ethics in Hollywood can be rolled up and fit into a gnat's navel.
All the good ones are taken.
All the great men are dead and I'm not feeling too well myself.
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by the government in less than a second.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All things are possible, except skiing thru a revolving door.
All things considered, life is 9-to-5 against.
All things that are, are lights.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ...  Each one owes infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in which he was born.
All you need to know is in the manual.
Alliance, n.: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Almost all good computer programs contain at least one random-number generator.
Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always keep a record of data.  It indicates you've been working.
Always remember that you are unique.  Just like everyone else.
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its name to "America".
America's best buy for a dime is a telephone call to the right person.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the President but is always polite to traffic cops.
An Austrian army, awfully arrayed, Boldly by battery besieged Belgrade.
An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.
An airplane is in your future.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
An artist is never ahead of his time, but most people are far behind theirs.
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
An asylum for the sane would be empty in America.
An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.
An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you really care to know.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An oscilloscope is what cavemen used to debug fire.
An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
And as we stand on the edge of darkness, let our chant fill the void that others may know: in the land of the night the ship of the sun is drawn by the grateful dead.
And malt does more than Milton can/to justify God's ways to man
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
And remember: if you don't like the news, go out and make some of your own.
And so to bed.
Ankh if you love Isis.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Antonym, n.: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
Any change or reform you make is going to have consequences you don't like.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an *art*.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche -- a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the fence." I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
Any man's speeding ticket on the Interstate diminishes me, for I am involved in mankind.
Any philosophy that can be put "in a nutshell" belongs there.
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a larger object.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with none.
Anyone can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Anyone who understands my music will never be unhappy again.
Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Anyone's life is incomplete unless they are, in some smaller or larger way, saving the world.
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution.
Arabic is a language, Persian is a sweetmeat, and Turkish is an delight.
Arabic is a mystery -- love is just a crock.
Are you a turtle?
Are you kidding?
Are you sure you want a two dimensional array?
Aren't you glad his name wasn't Alexander Graham Klaxon?
Arguments with furniture are rarely productive.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Art is merely cheese made visible.
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
As Zeus said to Narcissus, "Watch yourself."
As above, so below.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.  When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
As of Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.  Please update all programs.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
Ask Not for whom the Bell Tolls, and You will Pay only the Station-to-Station rate.
Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if one went to Harvard).
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ...  if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
Ask your boss to reconsider -- it's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.
Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.
At least I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his thumb with a hammer.
At the feast of souls failure is always the guest of honor.
Attend winter sheep meetings.  Learning never ends!
Auribus teneo lupum.
Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever depths they were once able to plumb.
Automating a mess yields an automated mess.
Ave Discordia!
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
Avoid a hasty decision.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Away put your weapon!  I mean you no harm.
BLISS is ignorance.
Bad taste is timeless.
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the floor -- especially in the dark.
Barometer, n.: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
Baseball is a skilled game.  It's America's game -- it, and high taxes.
Basic is like doing arithmetic with Roman numerals.
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
Be careful of reading health books.  You might die of a misprint.
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment, and despite the changing fortunes of time, There is always a big future in computer maintenance. You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here. Whether you can hear it or not, the universe is laughing behind your back.
Be different: conform.
Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!  Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Be security conscious -- National Defense is at stake.
Be sure to evaluate the bird-hand/bush ratio.
Be the sea, and see me be.
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
Beauty is only sin deep.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Becoming an overnight success usually takes years.
Been Transferred Lately?
Behold the warranty ...  the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
Better be right or your big venture goes wrong.  -Resistor color code mnemonic
Better to have failed your Wasserman than never to have loved at all.
Between the idea and the reality, between the motion and the act falls the shadow.
Beware -- local customs vary.  Check with a native before going into the jungle.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware the foot of Nessus!
Beware: the light at the end of the tunnel may be New Jersey.
Beyond a certain point, the whole universe becomes a continuous Initiation.
Bigamy is having one spouse too many.  Monogamy is the same.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
Birth, n.: The first and direst of all disasters.
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Blessed St. Leibowitz, let them keep on dreamin' down there...
Blessed are the meek for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.
Bore, n.: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
Bosses never realize that a bottle neck is always at the top.
Bourne again.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Brain fried -- Core dumped
Brain fried -- core dumped
Brain, n.: The apparatus with which we think that we think.
Brashith bara Alhim.
Bring your wife or husband and pink slip for the best trade-in deal in town.
Bubble bubble, toil and trouble; cast that float into a double.
Buick offers inbred american quality.
Build a better mousetrap, and nature will build a better mouse.
Build it so that even a fool can use it, and only a fool will want to use it.
Bureaucrat, n.: A person who cuts red tape sideways.
Bus error -- core dumped
But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations' paws.
But he who kisses the joy as it flies/Lives in Eternity's sunrise.
But many are not capable of a firm persuasion of anything.
But soft you, the fair Ophelia: Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws, but get thee to a nunnery -- go!
But you'll never become a rhinoceros...you haven't got the vocation!
But, Siriusly...
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.  In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others as it is to invent.
By omnibus I traveled to Brooklyn.
By the pricking of my thumbs,/Something wicked this way comes.
By trying, we can easily learn to endure adversity -- another man's, I mean.
C'est dommage, mais c'est vrai.
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas Unix.
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
California is a fine place to live if you happen to be an orange.
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
Campus Crusade for Cthulhu -- It found me.
Can all this just be an accident?  Or could there be some alien intelligence behind it?
Can tomorrow be more than just the end of today?
Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain? Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, a root or two, a torus and a node: the inverse of my verse, a null domain.
Cannot fork -- try again.
Capitalism is indeed obsessed with money, but Marxism is obsessed with Marxism.
Captain Clark welcomes you aboard.
Caught in --More-- loop.
Cauliflower is nothing but Cabbage with a College Education.
Caution -- be sure brain is engaged before putting mouth in gear.
Caution: Do not view laser light with remaining eye.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An incorrect model can be a useful tool.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Center 1127 -- It's not just a job, it's an adventure!
Charlie don't surf.
Chemistry is applied theology.
Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chicken Little was right.
Children are hereditary: if your parents didn't have any, neither will you.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore, And that's what parents were created for.
Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Club sandwiches, not baby seals.
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum.
Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
Coincidences are spiritual puns.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone, and every vector dreams of matrices. Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze: it whispers of a more ergodic zone.
Come, let us hasten to a higher plane, where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn, their indices bedecked from one to n, commingled in an endless Markov chain!
Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to be appointed to do the work.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds.  A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Communication is only possible between equals.
Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule."
Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.
Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
Condense soup, not books!
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody is looking.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.
Constants aren't.  Variables don't.  LISP does.  Functions won't.  Bytes do.
Contains no kung fu, car chases or decapitations.
Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern technology.  Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat.
Convictions cause convicts -- what you believe imprisons you.
Core Error - Bus Dumped
Corrupt, adj.: In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.
Corrupt, stupid grasping functionaries will make at least as big a muddle of socialism as stupid, selfish and acquisitive employers can make of capitalism.
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner.  His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
Could not open 2147478952 framebuffers.
Courage is something you can never totally own or totally lose.
Court, n.: A place where they dispense with justice.
Coward, n.: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
Crime does not pay as well as politics.
Cthulhu Saves!  ...  in case He's hungry later.
Damn it, i gotta get outta here!
Dangerous knowledge is a little thing.
Dare to be naive.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
De minimis non curat lex.
Dealing with failure is easy: work hard to improve.  Success is also easy to handle: you've solved the wrong problem.  Work hard to improve.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Death is nature's way of saying 'Howdy'.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death is only a state of mind.
Death to all fanatics!
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really overwhelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language may not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel, or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants (unless struck by a boomerang).
Deep down, we all need that escape velocity.
Deliberation, n.: The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on.
Demand the establishment of the government in its rightful home at Disneyland.
Democracy is a device that ensures we shall be governed no better than we deserve.
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder  aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you don't think.
Democracy is also a form of worship.  It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.
Department meeting in 3 minutes.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Der Herrgott wurfelt nicht.
Dessert is probably the most important stage of the meal, since it will be the last thing your guests remember before they pass out all over the table.
Did I say 2?  I lied.
Did you know ...  that no-one ever reads these things?
Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
Did you know that no-one ever reads these things?
Die ich rief, die Geister, / Werd ich nun nicht los.
Die: to stop sinning suddenly.
Dieux!  Un monstre hideux.  En hurlant.  Nous poursuit.
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term. Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Disc space -- the final frontier!
Disco delenda est.
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Disk crisis, please clean up!
Disobedience was Man's Original Virtue.
Distrust yourself, and sleep before you fight.  'Tis not too late tomorrow to be brave.
Ditat Deus.
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not confuse boredom with security.
Do not confuse effort with work.
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
Do not drink coffee in early a.m.  It will keep you awake until noon.
Do not go gentle into that good night; rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Do not meddle in the affairs of troff; it is subtle and quick to anger.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards: it makes them soggy and hard to light.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards: they are subtle and quick to anger.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not take these pills if this label is missing!
Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each day as it comes.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
Do what comes naturally now.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.
Do you have lysdexia?
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
Does George know what he's got here?
Does a firm persuasion that a thing is so make it so?
Does the early bird enjoy the worm as much as the late bird enjoys the sleep?
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Don't be humble ...  you're not that great.
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
Don't commute, communicate.
Don't conscience-stricken before they're hatched.
Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
Don't forget to run "make depend"
Don't get even -- get odd!
Don't get mad, make book.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.  The world owes you nothing.  It was here first.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't knock President Fillmore.  He kept us out of Vietnam.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't let your thoughts get in a rut.  The knife which spreads may also cut.
Don't lie if you don't have to.
Don't look back -- something may be gaining on you.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't play games with me.  You weren't on any mercy mission this time.
Don't put a loaded rifle on the stage unless someone intends to fire it.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy it today you can do it again tomorrow.
Don't rely on your nose -- TEST ATMOSPHERE!
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business. Cheat.
Don't suspect your friends -- turn them in!
Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
Don't take life too seriously -- you'll never get out of it alive.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
Don't try to have the last word.  You might get it.
Don't try to out-weird me, I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
Don't type so hard.
Don't vote -- it only encourages them.
Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.  It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Don't worry if it doesn't work right; if everything did, you'd be out of a job.
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.  They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
Don't worry, it's not loaded.
Don't worry, they couldn't hit an elephant at this dist-
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
Down with categorical imperatives!
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
Drive defensively, buy a tank.
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate and captain of your soul.
Dyslexics of the world, untie!
E Pluribus Unix.
E Unibus Plurum.
E pur si muove.
ERROR CREEPOUT HAS BEGUN
Each man's death diminishes me for I am involved in Humanity.
Earth is a beta site.
Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun.
Easy for you to type, I have to do all the work.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.
Economic analysts say that while the economy may be slowing, it is not fizzling out.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
Economics, n.: Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J. K. Galbraith.
Edinburgh is the Reykjavik of the South.
Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
Eighty percent of air pollution comes from plants and trees.
Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.  -Groucho Marx' last words
Either we are alone or we are not.  Either way is mind-boggling.
Eleemosynary deeds have their incipience intramurally.
English is a stretch language; one size fits all.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
Eschew the implement of correction and vitiate the scion.
Espanol tiene demasiada mucha grammatica.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even if I could be Shakespeare, I think I should still choose to be Faraday.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even paranoia can sometimes be taken to extremes.
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the simplest solution is bound to have something wrong with it.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Even the thousand-zloty note can't tapdance.
Even these days, it's not as easy to go crazy as you think.
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
Ever see what ratfor does on a syntax error in a for loop?
Ever wake up feeling like a null pointer?
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Every good subversive does it for fun.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not spending money alone.  It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.  This is not a way of life at all in any true sense.  Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Every law creates a whole new criminal class overnight.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
Every man and woman is a star.
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.
Every purchase has its price.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Every time you make something foolproof, along comes a better class of fool.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Everybody should believe in something -- I believe I'll have another drink.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
Everything breaks down.
Everything east of the San Andreas Fault will eventually plunge into the ocean.
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.
Everything is funny so long as it is happening to someone else.
Everything should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Everything you know is wrong!
Everything you know is wrong.
Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less obvious as you begin to study the universe.  For example, there are no solids in the universe.  There's not even a suggestion of a solid. There are no absolute continuums.  There are no surfaces.  There are no straight lines.
Everything's been said before, but nobody's listening, so keep repeating.
Ewige Blumenkraft.
Excellent day for drinking heavily.  Spike the office water cooler.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Executive ability is in your make-up.
Exhibition will continue to decline and ultimately lead to other sources of entertainment.
Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.
Expect the worst.  It's the least you can do.
Expected arrival date is presently unknown.
Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is the worst teacher.  It always gives the test first and the instruction afterward.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Experience varies directly with the equipment ruined.
Explicit liber viri elephantini.
FORTRAN 8X combines the simplicity of PL/I and the parsimony of ADA.
Fact without theory is trivia, theory without fact is bullshit.
Facta, non verba -- et verbum caro factus est.
Facta, non verba.
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
Fairness?  Decency?  How can you expect fairness and decency on a planet of sleeping people?
Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move.
Faith is the quality which enables us to believe what we know to be untrue.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Far too noisy, my dear Mozart.  Far too many notes.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Favor negative lobes.
Fear is failure and the forerunner of failure.
Fear not, the end of the world isn't until next week.
Feel disillusioned?  I've got some great new illusions ...
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Fiat lux, et lux erat.
Fiat voluntas tua.
Fine day to throw a party.  Throw him as far as you can.
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
First there is a mountain, then there is no mountain, then there is.
First things first -- but not necessarily in that order.
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
Fleas can be taught nearly anything that a congressperson can.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Flight 23 is down in the Bermuda Triangle.
Florida is the "flea and tick capital of America."
Flying saucers on occasion show themselves to human eyes. Aliens fume, put off invasion while they brand these tales as lies.
Fnord.
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
For me, UNIX is a way of being.
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
Forsan et haec olim meminisse juvabit.
Fortis fortuna adiuvat.
Fortran est; non potest legi.
Fortunate are they who can laugh at themselves; they will never want for amusement.
Fortune, good night, smile once more, turn thy wheel!
Fortunes ...  come tumbling into some men's laps.
Frankly, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
Freedom is the right to be our own potty little selves.
Freedom of incrustations of grime is contiguous with rectitude.
Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way.
From EXPLMY: Serious internal error, check the error code in the documentation of VRFYMY.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
Gaffer's tape, like The Force, has a light and a dark side and binds the universe together.
Gallium Arsenide is the material of the future and it always will be.
Gauls!  We have nothing to fear; except perhaps that the sky may fall on our heads tomorrow.  But as we all know, tomorrow never comes!!
Generalizations are useful.  The work contained in them can be reckoned as labor and therefore can create value.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Gentlemen, you can't fight here.  This is the war room.
George Orwell was an optimist.
George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.
Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Get your boots on, 'cause we're gunna go in DEEP!
Give me a rock, paper and scissors and I will move the world.
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.
Given enough inside information and unlimited credit, you've got to go broke.
Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather lie around.  No contest.
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
Go climb a gravity well!
Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
Go out and see what the real world has to offer.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof. Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep. Rotate your tires. Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself, and heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys. Know what to kiss -- and when. Remember that two wrongs never make a right, but that three do. Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Go suck on an infinite tube.
God does not play dice.
God doesn't play dice.
God gives burdens; also shoulders.
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can choose our friends.
God is Dead -- Nietzsche
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
God is a polytheist.
God is in the rock too -- in the rock!
God is real, unless declared integer.
God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God may be subtle, but He isn't plain mean.
God must love the Common Man; He made so many of them.
God not only plays dice with the universe, He loads the dice too.
Gods!  A hideous beast, baying is pursuing us!
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Golden lads and girls all must, like chimney sweepers, come to dust.
Good Americans, when they die, go to Paris.
Good Rule: Don't put anything in your mouth labeled "HARMFUL IF SWALLOWED"
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.
Good day to do the unexpected: write some documentation.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good day to write a purchase requisition for a 747.
Good health is just the slowest, most lingering way of dying.
Good intentions don't mean anything unless they can deliver.
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Good manners and bad breath get you nowhere
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Gort!  Klaatu barada...uh...uh...
Government expands to absorb all available revenue and then some.
Government is an illusion the governed should not encourage.
Government is just Anarchy's way of making more anarchy.
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Graecum est; non potest legi.
Gravity is a myth: the Earth sucks.
Great minds run in great circles.
Great shot, kid.  That was one in a million.
Great warrior?  Heh-heh-heh.  Wars do not make one great.
Green light in A.M., for new projects.  Red light in P.M., for traffic tickets.
Growth itself becomes the only moral end.
Grub first, then ethics.
Guns don't kill detectives -- love does.
Ha! You killed my husband, Sam.  Be kind to me.
Had Cleopatra's nose been shorter, the whole history of the world would have been different.
Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.
Hail to the sun god! He sure is a fun god! Ra! Ra! Ra!
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big enough majority in any town?
Half Moon tonight.  (At least it's better than no Moon at all.)
Hang by your pseudopod, write if you find a warm rich planet ripe for conquest.
Hang in there, hammock-nose.
Hangover is the wrath of the grapes.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
Hard work may not kill you, but why take chances?
Have a nice diurnal anomaly.
Have an adequate day.
Have you done your Christmas chopping yet?  -anon.  White House Advisor 12/24/81
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you, "There's a time for work and a time for play," never find the time for play?
Have you hugged my T-shirt today?
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
He can't think without his hat.
He cried at all his own weddings, and with reason.
He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He is winding the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
He serves the state best who opposes it most.
He that laugheth in the face of death haveth the last laugh.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He was al coltissh, ful of ragerye, and ful of jargon as a flekke pye.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
He who binds himself to a joy, does the winged life destroy.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who has science and art has religion.
He who hesitates is last.
He who hesitates is scrap metal.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who keeps his nose to the grindstone, has a flat face.
He who laughs last is a little slow on the uptake.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who listens last is the last one listening.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
He who trains his tongue to quote from learned sages will be known far and wide as a smartass.
He who wears belt and suspenders needs tighter belt.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
Help conquer the IQ shortage: worry less and think more.
Help fight continental drift.
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy.
Hey, I've got it -- let's put on a show!
Hi, this is Ken.  What's the root password?
Hindsight is an exact science.
Hire the morally handicapped.
His mind is like a steel trap -- full of mice.
His money is twice tainted: 'taint yours and 'taint mine.
History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.
Hit space to start...
Hodie tempum scriptire in Latinum non habeo.  Cras epistlum submissibo.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take Hofstadter's Law into account.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
Home is where ~ is.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Hop before you skip.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on  people.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
How I want a drink, alcoholic of course, after the chapters involving quantum mechanics.
How can I take an interest in my work when I don't like it?
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How can you work when the system's so crowded?
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?
How did the Universe manage to go bang in such an unreasonable way?
How do I love thee?  Hand me my calculator...
How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
How is it far, if you can think of it?
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How long you live has nothing to do with how long you are going to be dead.
How sharper than a child's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child.
How the elephant got into my pyjamas I'll never know.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
How you look depends on where you go.
Human beings are the only animals of which I am thoroughly and cravenly afraid.
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Hypocrisy is the tribute vice pays to virtue.
Hypothesize and test.
I am Magnus.  You are registered in my memory banks...
I am a high-pressure guy, and I didn't take this job to conduct a going-out-of-business sale.
I am free of the wheel of Maya; I am dead to the dance of life.
I am large; I contain multitudes.
I am the Supreme Being.  I'm not entirely dim.
I am the beast, I am the Word of the Aeon...I am a hell of a Holy Guru.
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.
I can call spirits from the vasty deep. Why, so can I, or so can any man.
I can resist everything except temptation.
I can't decide whether to throw you overboard or just change the way you look.
I cannot teach him.  The boy has no patience.
I contradict myself? Very well, then: I contradict myself. I am large; I contain multitudes.
I do not sketch or design a work, I merely begin.
I don't even know what street Canada is on.
I don't have a moral plan...  I'm a Canadian.
I don't like to walk, and I don't like to paddle.
I don't love you any more since you ate my dog.
I don't mind your thinking slowly; i mind your publishing faster than you think.
I give presents to the mother, but I think of the daughter.
I hate programs that chdir on you
I have NEVER written a program in C!
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats; I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
I have everything we will need.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my educations.
I have nothing to say and I am saying it and that is poetry as I need it.
I have the most perfect confidence in your indiscretion.
I haven't lost my mind.  I've got it backed up on tape somewhere.
I hope that there are sour apples in every bushel.
I knew it was coming and I still felt as if I'd swallowed a snowcone whole.
I know nothing.
I like user-hostile ignorance-based amateur systems.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
I love you.
I must have slipped a disk; my pack hurts.
I never refuse.  I never contradict.  I sometimes forget.
I regard an original error as better than a borrowed truth.
I regard an original error as better than no Moon at all.
I see no login here!
I see only darkness in the crystal ball
I sense something -- a presence I haven't felt since....
I taught him everything he knows.  Now he knows more.
I thank you from the heart of my bottom.
I think Isaac Newton is doing most of the driving right now.
I think my spaceship knows which way to go.
I think that I shall never see a billboard as lovely as a tree.
I think; therefore I am confused.
I was just going to call you.
I will not suffer fools gladly, but I will gladly make fools suffer.
I wish I had time to explain dimensional transcendentalism
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I wonder what will happen if I touch these two wires together.
I would be perfectly happy being Kepler, but I have been Kepler many times over.
I wouldn't let a knight out on a dog like this!
I wouldn't marry her to a ten foot Pole.
I wouldn't marry him with a ten foot pole.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a pre-frontal lobotomy.
I'd rather have my mail delivered by Lockheed than ride in a plane built by the Post Office.
I'll eat it if I'm wrong.  I mean a potato.
I'll produce anything that gets high ratings.
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.
I'm from the government, and I'm here to help.
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm so hip I have difficulty seeing over my pelvis.
I'm sorry, but I've made other plans.
I've done this before and never had any trouble.
I've got a ferret sticking up my nose.
IOT trap -- core dumped
IOT trap -- core melted
If A=B and B=C, then A=C, except where void or prohibited by law.
If Congress must do a painful thing, it must be done in an odd-numbered year.
If God could perform the tricks we do, He'd be a happy man.
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows.
If God meant for Texans to ski, He would have made them a mountain.
If God wanted us to have a President, He would have sent us a candidate.
If I could remember the names of all these particles I would have been a botanist.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
If I had to choose between System V and 4.2, I'd resign.
If I owned Texas and Hell, I'd rent out Texas and live in Hell.
If I say it's safe to surf this beach, Captain, it's safe to surf this beach.
If I should return in my absence, kindly detain me until I get back.
If I wanted your opinion, I'd tell it to you.
If Lincoln were alive today he would be spinning in his grave.
If a thousand people say a foolish thing, it remains a foolish thing.
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If bankers can count, why do they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If butterflies had teeth like tigers they would never make it out of the hangar.
If double-bubble inflation did occur, then the shadow world is exponentially uninteresting.
If ever I utter an oath again may my soul be blasted to eternal damnation.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
If ignorance were cornflakes, you'd be General Mills.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it doesn't matter, it does not matter.
If it happens, it must be possible.
If it isn't like TECO, it's not worth using.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it were dangerous they would post a sign...
If it's boring, turn it off.
If it's gratitude you want, get a dog.
If it's not broken, don't fix it.
If it's not worth doing, it's not worth doing well.
If it's worth doing well, it's worth doing.
If more is better then too much is just enough.
If music be the breakfast food of love, kindly do not disturb until lunch time.
If the "medium is the message" then the message of low-bandwidth timesharing is "blah".
If the check is truly in the mail, it is surely made out to someone else.
If the coin is heads up don't pick it up.
If the experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
If the facts do not support the theory, they must be disposed of.
If the government doesn't trust the people, why doesn't it elect a new people?
If the shoe fits, buy the other one, too.
If there are any resources you need to get this job done, just let us know.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If they gave me a goldfish, I would cook it.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?
If voting could change the system, it would be against the law.
If we turn on the lights fast enough, we'll see what the dark looks like.
If we'd all been living in California, we wouldn't have worked at ALL.
If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't well enough to travel.
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
If you ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you don't insist on correct answers, I can make it run as fast as you want.
If you don't know where you're going, it doesn't matter how you get there.
If you don't like the weather in New England, just wait a few minutes.
If you don't pay attention to every little detail, you miss most of the jokes.
If you gaze long enough into the abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
If you grab the bull by the horns, feathers will fly.
If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person -- they will find an easier way to do it.
If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.
If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.
If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.
If you know high class quality merchandise, you know this is CHEAP!
If you start now you might finish on time.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you take the last cup, make a new pot.
If you take the last pot, make a new cup.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.
If you think it's hard going to the moon, you should try staying home.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize yourself as part of the problem.
If you want to go somewhere, goto is the best way to get there.
If you want to have clean ideas, change them like shirts.
If you were able to count up to infinity I'll bet you would never get over it.
If you're asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.
If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.
If you're not apprehensive then you don't understand the situation.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
If your experiment needs statistics, you ought to have done a better experiment.
Ignore alien orders.
Ignore previous fortune.
Ignore the fatal errors.  It's O.K.
Il faut cultiver son jardins.
Illegal Arbitrator - Line 23
Illegitimi non carborundum.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
In Africa the tusks are too firmly rooted, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
In addition to a yes and a no, the universe contains a maybe.
In an evolving universe, who stands still moves backwards.
In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct, beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.
In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on. This person must be fired.
In any society, the correct pronunciation is the dialect that has an army.
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout "Fire!".
In communism Man exploits Man.  In capitalism it's the other way around.
In comparison with the ancients, we stand like dwarfs on the shoulders of giants.
In girum imus nocte et consumimur igni.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In nature there is immediate adjustment but no compulsion.
In order to make an omelette, you have to break a few cooks.
In rebus mathematicis errores quam minimi non sunt contemnendi.
In the Unix tradition, vi is intended to be a small tool that does one thing well.
In the beginning the Universe was created.  This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
In the future, all programmers will be able to use malloc.
In the land of the blind the one-eyed man can see across the road and prove it.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
In the land of the one-eyed men, the blind have to wear glasses.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
Insanity is always the best defense against boredom.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Intermittent resolutions lack potency.
Into each life a little fallout must rain.
Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting some useful work done.
It got to a point where I had to get a haircut or a violin.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
It is a very sad thing nowadays that there is so little useless information.
It is absurd to deny the role of fantasy in even the strictest science.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness, except at the Browns Ferry reactor.
It is better to rule in Hell than to serve in Heaven.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is far better to vote for a loser than to elect one.
It is far better to vote for a loser than to elect?
It is fruitless to become lachrymal over precipitately departed lacteal fluid.
It is hard to sit with the turkeys when you soar with the eagles.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
It is the wise bird who builds her nest in a tree.
It is useless to put on your brakes when you're upside down.
It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one for you.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It steam-engines when it becomes steam-engine time.
It takes approximately two minutes to reposition the continents from one geological era to another.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It works better if you plug it in.
It would appear that even BTL employees put their pants on one leg at a time.
It would be wise to cut expectations in half.
It's 5 o'clock.  Do you know where your files are?
It's Your Environment -- Use It Up!
It's a hardware problem.
It's a small world, but I'd hate to have to paint it.
It's a software problem.
It's a useless but absolutely vital precaution.
It's clever, but is it art?
It's deja vu all over again.
It's difficult to explain Kleenex to an aborigine.
It's earlier than you think.
It's funny how they work so well, even when they're not appropriate.
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
It's hard to be mellow when you bite your nails.
It's hard to be mellow when you can't stand up.
It's hard to love someone who looks down on you because your hands get bloody protecting him.
It's just a silly native superstition.
It's later than you think.
It's lonely at the top, but it's lonelier at the bottom.
It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
It's not a car, it's a Volkswagen.
It's not cool enough for the eighties.
It's not easy to play the clown when you've got to run the whole circus.
It's not my fault -- it's a mechanical problem!
It's not my fault!
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not reality that's important, it's how you perceive things.
It's not the time between the takes that takes the time - it's changing your mind between the takes that takes the time.
It's not the time it takes to take the takes that takes the time, it's the time it takes between the takes that takes the time.
It's not the years, it's the mileage.
It's only a game!
It's the law: Use a pun, go to prism (for minor refractions of the law only!)
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
It's worse than being at the theatre.
Jam tomorrow and jam yesterday -- but never jam today.
Jesus saves, Moses invests, the Mongol Hoards, but only Buddha pays dividends.
Join me and I will complete your training.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Just be glad you don't get all the government you pay for.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
Justice for the poor is much less popular than revenge on the rich.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Kids are always the only future the human race has.
Kill ugly radio!
Klaatu barada nikto.
Kleeneliness is next to Goedeliness.
Lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
Lando's not a system, he's a man.  He's a gambler, scoundrel.  You'd like him.
Language is a liquid that we're all dissolved in.
Language is a virus from outer space.
Language is all that separates us from the lower animals and the bureaucrats.
Last login: Sat Aug 10 09:22:14 on ttym0
Laugh and the world laughs with you; snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, 'Hold, enough!'
Leadership means taxes.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let no one unskilled in geometry enter here.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let sleeping wraiths lie.
Let's just take this shortcut across this field.  That bull doesn't see us.
Let's look at the record.
Liar: One who tells an unpleasant truth.
Life is a game: whoever dies with the most toys wins.
Life is a giant shell and we're just processes.
Life is a mystery -- love is a dancer.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
Life is hard but unjust.
Life is just a bowl.
Life is not for everyone.  -M.  O'Donoghue
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Little things come in small packages.
Live forever, or die trying.
Live long and perspire.
Living in the past has one thing in its favour - it's cheaper.
Load average too high now (11.358253), please try later
Local disks are our FORTRAN.
Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
Longevity is an optimist's heaven and a pessimist's hell.
Look after the molehills and the mountains will look after themselves.
Look on my works, oh ye mighty, and giggle.
Lord?  We don't have no lord.  We're an anarcho-syndicalist commune.
Lose a few, lose a few.
Losing your servo track is just God's way of saying 'BOOGA, BOOGA!'
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love is in the offing, said the homicidal maniac.
Love is only love, but money is forever.
Love the sea?  I dote upon it - from the beach.
Love, and do what thou wilt.
Luke, don't give in to hate.  That leads to the dark side.
MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING
Machne oprating at olny tn prcnt eficiency.
Macro context switch under way, please do not log out!
Make War, not Love: killing is fun too.
Make a list of all the facts you know about the universe.
Make is like Pascal: everybody likes it, so they go in and change it.
Make use of whatever advanced technology is available
Make: Don't know how to make love.  Stop.
Making outside money using our computers has resulted in suspension.
Making sense makes more sense than not making sense.
Man cannot live by bread alone: frequently, there must be beverage, too.
Man cannot live by bread alone; he needs a little peanut butter on it.
Man has created death.
Man has the right to live by his own law -- to live in the way that he wills to do, to work as he will, to play as he will, to rest as he will, to die when and how he will.
Man is in doubt to deem himself a god or beast.
Man is in session.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Many are called, few are chosen.  Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many pages make a thick book.
Masterpieces make their own rules.
May I have a large container of coffee?
May you live all the days of your life.
May your rolling stone always grow grass that is greener underneath.
Maybe I should have screwed up.
Medeis ageometretos eisito mou ten stegen.
Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
Message will arrive in the mail.  Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
Military justice is to justice as military music is to music.
Military music is to music as military intelligence is to intelligence.
Mind your own business, Spock.  I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.
Money cannot buy happiness, but happiness will not buy groceries.
Money is a terrible thing to follow but a charming thing to meet.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Money may buy friendship but money can not buy love.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Most sacrilegious murder hath broke ope the Lord's anointed temple.
Most users are within a 10 mile radius.
Mr. President!  We cannot allow ...  a MINE-SHAFT GAP!
Multi sunt vocati, pauci vero electi.
Multilevel standards are like onions.  They're smelly and make you cry a lot.
My karma just ran over your dogma.
My way of joking is to tell the truth; it's the funniest joke in the world.
NOT NOT NOT ALLOWED
Naked is the best disguise.
National security is the chief cause of national insecurity.
Need a personal problem?  Get a personal computer.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be/For loan oft loses both itself and friend.
Nembutal numbs it all, but I prefer alcohol.  -Strummer/Jones
Never argue with a fool -- people might be able to tell the difference.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Never buy a case of wine with eleven bottles.
Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him instead.
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Never eat in a restaurant that rotates or is above the 10th floor.
Never give a inch!
Never hatchet your Counts before they chicken.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Never speak ill of yourself; your friends will always say enough on that subject.
Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.
Never worry the boss unnecessarily.  Don't tell him.
New career ideas are worth pursuing.
New crypt.  See /usr/news/crypt.
Niagara Falls would be much more impressive if it flowed the other way.
Nietzsche is Dead -- God
Nietzsche is God -- The Dead
Nihilism means nothing to the dancing peasants.
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No branch is better than its trunk.
No directory
No directory!  Logging in with home=/
No good deed goes unpunished.
No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c) believe it happened according to his own pet theory.
No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.
No mistake is too small to be fixed, but first make sure it's a mistake.
No news is good news.
No note is too high to be taken down an octave.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No two ways about it, there are two sides to every story.
No user jobs will be lost because of the crash.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nobody goes to the theatre unless suffering from acute bronchitis.
Nobody is truly sane until he feels gratitude to the whole universe.
Nobody knows anything, or if they do, they are careful to hide the fact.
Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the organization.
Non serviam.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Not only is there no God, but try getting a plumber on Sundays.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing difficult is ever easy.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is capable of being well set to music that is not nonsense.
Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
Nothing is true.  Everything is permissible.
Nothing matters indeed, it's all in your mind...
Nothing more certain than incertainties; Fortune is full of fresh variety: Constant in nothing but inconstancy.
Nothing of interest ever happened on this day.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Now is the winter of our discontent, made glorious summer by this sun of York.
Now is the winter of our discontent, made glorious summer in Northern California.
O brave new world, that has such people in't!
O dear Ophelia!  I am ill at these numbers: I have not art to reckon my groans.
O.T.O. wants you.
OK, I think I understand.
Oh, don't the days seem lank and long, when all goes right and nothing goes wrong.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old age -- it's the only disease that you don't look forward to being cured of.
Omnibus ex nihil ducendis sufficit unum.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
Once TOAD is operational, how frequently would you expect to access TOAD?
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse.
One bad apple can ruin a snake.
One horse-laugh is worth ten thousand syllogisms.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One picture is worth 128k words.
One scythe fits all.
One starts life with a swelled head and ends with swelled feet.
Only %d shopping days until Christmas.
Only God can make a random selection.
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
Only two things are infinite: the universe and human ignorance.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny, or is that ontology recapitulates philology?
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
Ontogeny rehashes phylogeny.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Options can cause undesirable operations, so it is important to ensure they are set up properly.
Order ignorant aliens.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Our ancestors may have been ignorant, but they were not stupid.
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we	can. Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
Our sponsor thought it was for ADA.  In fact it was for C.
Our vision will speed up time, eventually deleting it.
Out of the mouths of babes comes semi-digested Pablum.
Overall there is a smell of fried onions.  (fnord)
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
Panem et circenses, that's what the public wants.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway oh, God, I'm so depressed...
Passing over a black hole temporarily disables ship.
People get it into their heads that this is a democracy.  Well it isn't.
People never go there anymore; it's too crowded.
People really shouldn't spread gossip, but what else is it good for?
People tend to congregate in the back of the church and the front of the bus.
People usually do what other people have done before them.
People who deal with bits should expect to get bitten.
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy us who do.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Per omnia saecula vombatidae.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Perfect love casteth out fear.
Person who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Personality is a flimsy thing on which to build an art.
Philosophy is the Rule of Life.
Philosopy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Physician, bill thyself.
Planning dooms most projects.
Please log off, the computer is out to lunch.
Please take note: [REDACTED]
Please to remember the Fifth of November, Gunpowder Treason and Plot.
Pluralites non est punenda sine necessitate.
Plus a change, plus c'est la mme chose.
Post hoc, ergo propter hoc.
Post proelium, praemium.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!
Primate behaviour only changes under the impact of new technology.
Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.
Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that there is nothing important to do.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Programming and puddings demand consistency.
Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Proofreading is more effective after publication.
Proper planning includes admitting that your plan may not work.
Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
Put not your trust in money, but your money in trust.
Put your mouth where your mouth is.
Quantity is poor substitute for quality, but it's the only one we've got.
Quantum mechanics do it with uncertainty.
Questions are a burden for others; answers are a prison for oneself.
Rain before sunset, dark by midnight.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Real programs don't eat cache.
Reality is for those who can't handle drugs.
Reality is good for you...in small doses.
Reality is silly-putty.
Reality isn't real.
Reality seems harsher in the early morning.
Reason establishes the foundation of faith.  Faith compensates the error of reason.
Reason is a universal instrument which can serve on any kind of occasion.
Reform always comes from below.  No man with four aces asks for a new deal.
Regnant populi.
Rei panta.
Remember that "almost" means "not".
Remember that "try" means "fail".
Remember the Unknown Buffalo.
Remember when you asked me to tell you when you were being inconsiderate?
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes -- Pla-gi-a-rize!
Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.
Repetition is a form of change.
Research is a great career: you get paid for looking, regardless of results.
Restrain your octopus!  The canoes are going fishing tomorrow.
Ring the bell; close the book; quench the candle.
Ritual is to the inner sciences what experiment is to the outer sciences.
Rotten wood can not be carved.
Round numbers are always false.  -Samuel Johnson (c.  1750)
SYS ERROR 0 - no error detected
Sailors in ships, sail on!  Even while we died, others rode out the storm.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Save a forest -- eat a beaver!
Save the dot files!
Save yourself!  Reboot in 5 seconds!
Say "no" to long-sleeved shirts!!  Support your right to bare arms!
Say your prayers, you're going to Zen heaven.
Schroedinger might have been here.
Schroedinger's cat is sitting on Heisenberg's shoulder and they are both laughing at you.
Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.
Scintillate, scintillate, aster minific.
Screw up your courage!  You've screwed up everything else.
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Secret mail has arrived.
See that ocean -- that used to be some ocean.
Seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Self denial is better than self degradation.
Sell everything.  Market top has been reached.
Send not to ask for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
Seor, if you hurry from here, you will wait longer there.
Shadows slick as eels slither through.
Share your happiness with others today.
She canna take much more o' this, Mr. Spock.
Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.
Si nummi immunis.
Silver is pure.  It's been a symbol of justice and purity since the year of the sun.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Sleep is an excellent way of listening to an opera.
Smile ...  tomorrow will be worse.
Smoked carp is terrible unless you're out of smoked salmon.
Smooth rotation butters no parsnips.
Snatch the pebble from my hand, Grasshopper.
Snob intellectual bachelors can't have fun in San Antonio.
Snoopy has fleas.
Snow Day -- stay home.
So long as radicals honor theory over facts, they will continue to dismantle their successes.
So narrow minded is the boss that he has to stack his ideas vertically.
Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well being.
Soft soap often has a high percentage of lye in it.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed.
Some day this war's gonna end.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some of us feel that there is a loss of scholarship here, and we're not too happy about it.
Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Sometimes it seems to me that men are children grown incompetent.
Sometimes you've gotta give it all you've got, because it just isn't enough.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
Sooner or later everybody's gotta pay their tab.
Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
Space travel is utter bilge.
Spare no expense to save money on this one.
Speaking of poison, I'll see that you get some fresh breakfast immediately.
Specialization is for insects.
Split a stick of wood, and the Christ is there, too.
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Stack overflow in crawlout.  User environment re-initialized.  (FATAL$)
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Status: R
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stereotypes are one of the worst things in the world.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but a laser beam is another matter.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.
Stop worrying, you'll never get out of this world alive.
Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.
Sum quod eris.
Sun UNIX 4.2 Release 1.1 (IAS) #1: Tue Jan 29 01:25:15 PST 1985
Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week.
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.
Surveillance should precede salientation.
System down Tues.  am for COBOL compiler installation.
System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crash.
System going down for 5 minutes -- back up in barrels.
System going down for 5 minutes -- back up in half an hour.
System going down in 5 minutes.
System might crash at any moment.
System went down at Fri Dec 13 21:54:56 1901
TERROR IN THE OUTPUT FILE A A
TNT allows students the freedom to make mistakes.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take care of your peonies and the dahlias will take care of themselves.
Teach it ...  phenomenology.
Technological unemployment is total today -- 300 years ago we were all farmers.
Tell the girls to slice the ham thin.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing.
Terminals at home are always in the bedroom.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
Thank you for choosing UNIX -- batteries not included, some assembly required.
That goes against the laws of Physics.
That must be wonderful!  I don't understand it at all.
That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling in itself.
That which does not kill me makes me stronger.
That which does not kill me missed.
That which is above is in that which is below.
That's as American as pie charts.
That's the nice thing about standards -- there's so many to choose from.
The $SIGNON command is a risky practice.
The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
The Beatles?  Isn't that Paul McCartney's old band?
The Blit is a nice terminal, but it runs emacs.
The Constitution gives us freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
The Force is strong with this one.
The Force is with you, young Skywalker, but you are not a Jedi yet.
The Government urges you to remain calm.
The Inuit have dozens of words for snow, so why do the Dutch only have one word for rain?
The Italians make money out of funding their own deficit.
The Luddites always lose.  Always.
The Moral Majority are the people our ancestors came from Europe to escape.
The Tao which can be talked about is not the Tao.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The UNIX system is harder to use than a toaster.
The United States Army: 194 years of proud service, unhampered by progress.
The aim of existence is to have clean ideas, change them like shirts.
The aim of existence is to offer resistance to the flow of time.
The amount of time required to complete a government project is precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.
The answer you seek is in an envelope.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The average legislator is somewhere nearly all the time.
The barge was in my blind spot.  - Peter Hobson, Cambridge cox
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The better part of valour is discretion; in the which better part I have saved my life.
The boundary condition of the universe is that it has no boundary.
The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to .....  to ........  uh ..............
The check is in the mail.
The churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
The connotation depends on the beacon.
The contrary of a compound is the aggregate of the contraries of the components.
The contrary of an aggregate is the compound of the contraries of the aggregates.
The coroner gave you a clean bill of health.
The darkest hour is just before the storm.
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
The difference between a thief and the IRS is that the thief doesn't audit you afterwards.
The difficult we gave up on yesterday, the impossible we are giving up on now.
The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
The early worm gets the bird.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The empty fist always makes the deepest wound.
The end is closer than you think.
The end justifies the meanness.
The eyes believe themselves, the ears believe other people.
The fear of the Lord was discovered before vitamins.
The first myth of management is that it exists.
The first piece of luggage out of the chute doesn't belong to anyone, ever.
The first step in fixing something is getting it to break.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.  - Henry VI, part II.
The fit between the world and the human symbols describing it is never perfect.
The fruits of impatience are bitter.
The fully armed nuclear warheads, are, of course, merely a courtesy detail.
The function of the sun is not to help the cabbages along.
The further you get, the better it looks.
The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)
The gods do not protect fools.  Fools are protected by more capable fools.
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.
The hardest part of raising children is teaching them to ride bicycles.
The hippo has no sting, but the wise man would rather be sat upon by the bee.
The human brain is not a pretty sight.
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange protein - it rejects it.
The invention of the multiple-choice exam was the death blow to competent writing.
The judge's jokes are always funny.
The ketchup of sorrow is better than the mustard of happiness.
The last twenty-nine days of the month are the worst.
The lion will lie down with the lamb, but the lamb won't get much sleep.
The man of knowledge can see several things at once.
The map is not the territory.
The measure of the rigor of a science is the index of its ability to predict.
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are careful to hide the fact.
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are pronounced "o".
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
The more complicated the mind, the more simple the play.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The more you run over a dead cat, the flatter it gets.
The null string has always been a productive source of off-by-0 errors.
The official state tree of North Dakota is the telephone pole.
The one interesting fact about the Diplodocus is that the accent is on the second syllable.
The only imperfect thing in nature is the human race.
The only people who listen to both sides of an argument are the neighbors.
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
The only way out of a circle is through the center.
The opera isn't over until the fat lady sings.
The opposite of a trivial truth is false; the opposite of a great truth is also true.
The pearl the squirrel the girl hit bit split.
The planes in Spain fall mainly in the rain.
The play's the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king.
The problem with a just economy is, who runs the Bureau of Economic Justice?
The prudent man does not hold his breath.
The reason Swedes put little o's over some A's is that ontology recapitulates philology.
The reason Swedes put little o's over some A's is that they are pronounced "o".
The sheep - symbolic creature of docility, sacrifice and stupidity.
The shorter the line, the slower it moves.
The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
The skeletons in the cupboard will all come out in the wash.
The solution to the problem of life is seen in the vanishing of the problem.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
The stapler runs out of staples only while you are trying to staple something.
The sterile pleasure of being right tends to get stale in the course of a lifetime.
The stylus is more potent than the claymore.
The three laws of physics: f=ma; things fall down; you can't push a rope.
The tide of change approaches.
The time is right to make new friends.
The unexamined life is not worth examining.
The universe is laughing behind your back.
The vanity of teaching often tempteth a man to forget that he is a blockhead.
The voice of the people is odd, it is, and it is not, the voice of God.
The wheels of justice grind slow but fine.
The wise shepherdess never trusts her flock to a smiling wolf.
The world cannot be understood from a single point of view.
The world ended yesterday-this is only a dream!
The world ended yesterday-why are you still here?
The world is a conspiracy of the unthinking against the unwitting.
The world is all that is the case.
The world is coming to an end!  Repent and return those library books!
The world isn't worldly.
Then did he raise on high the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch, saying, "Bless this, O Lord, that with it thou mayst blow thine enemies to tiny bits, in thy mercy." And the people did rejoice and did feast upon the lambs and toads and tree-sloths and fruit-bats and orangutans and breakfast cereals ...  Now did the Lord say, "First thou pullest the Holy Pin.  Then thou must count to three.  Three shall be the number of the counting and the number of the counting shall be three.  Four shalt thou not count, neither shalt thou count two, excepting that thou then proceedeth to three.  Five is right out.  Once the number three, being the number of the counting, be reached, then lobbest thou the Holy Hand Grenade in the direction of thine foe, who, being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it."
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days before Saturday.
There are two kinds of people in the world -- those who are, and those who aren't.
There are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't.
There is a 10% penalty for getting yourself killed.
There is a fly on your nose.
There is a person with a shovel behind you ready to crack open your skull!
There is a tide in the affairs of men, which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.
There is a world in which this sentence ends with a different word.
There is no bottom to worse.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
There is no gift like the present.
There is no governor anywhere; you are absolutely free.
There is no language in our lungs.
There is no present like the TIMES.
There is no present like time.
There is no sin except stupidity.
There is no time like the present.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
There must be a minimum of two responsible people per subdomain.
There was a phone call for you.
There'll always be a government - if not it would be necessary to invent one.
There's a difference between ethical people and nice people.  You can't trust nice people.
There's a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will.
There's a sucker reborn every minute.
There's no kill like overkill.
There's no place like home.
There's something in this universe that I don't understand.
These calculations even schoolchildren can master in three-four days.
These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be yours too.
These widows, sir, are the most perverse creatures in the world.
They laughed at Copernicus; they laughed at Galileo; they laughed at Bozo the Clown.
They live happiest who have forgiven most.
They were easy to tell apart: the good Kirk was played by William Shatner and the evil one by Gavin McLeod.
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
Things always look darkest just before they go totally black.
Things are more like they are now then they have ever been before.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things are only as bad as they are and can only get worse if they do!
Things that go without saying go even better if they are said.
Things will be bright in the PM: a cop will shine a light in your face.
This *means* something.
This algorithm is prevented in the style of Dijkstra's guarded cowhands.
This fortune intentionally not included.
This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.
This fortune is self-explanatory, once you understand it.
This fortune left blank intentionally.
This fortune was not meant for you.
This machine does not exist!  Boy am I confused!
This refutation can only be refuted by a proof.
This statement is a lie.
This system hasn't crashed in ages.
This time for sure!
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
This will hurt me more than it hurts you.
Thos who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who can't write, write manuals.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who in quarrels interpose must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who talk don't know.  Those who don't talk, know.
Thunder is impressive, but it is lightning that does the work.
Time ends here, please go back the way you came.
Time flies like an arrow but fruit flies like a banana.
Time is nature's way of making more anarchy.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time is three eyes and eight elbows.
To be is to be related.
To be or not to be, those are the parameters.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
To cross again is not to cross.
To err is human, to forgive is not library policy.
To err is human, to really foul things up requires a computer!
To err is human; that's why I'm comfortable around Gods.
To express e, remember to memorize a sentence to simplify this.
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To live without clocks is to live forever.
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
To make an omelette, you have to paint it.
To play billiards well is a sign of an ill-spent youth.
To possess another language is to possess another soul.
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
Today is the first day of the rest of your miserable life.
Today is yesterday's tomorrow.
Together we must rise to higher and higher platitudes.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Too much is not enough.
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
Torque is cheap.
Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas any more.
Transformation is invested with the mysterious and the painful.
Travel important today; Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Trust Me.
Trust him, but still keep your eyes open.
Truth is only skin deep.
Truth is the ultimate weapon; fortunately no one has perfected it yet.
Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
Try a new system or a different approach.
Try again.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Tu aideras a rappeler ta quantite a beaucoup de docteurs amis.
Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
Two fish in the sky are worth more than a bird in the sea.
Two wrongs don't make a right.  Two Wrights make airplanes.
UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
Unbidden guests are often welcomest when they are gone.
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
Unix soit qui mal y pense.
Usura contra naturum est.
Usus, Quen penes arbitrium est, et jus, et norma loquendi.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
Vigilia pretium libertatis.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Vocatus atque non vocatus deus aderit.
Vote anarchist.
Vote fascist.
Vox populi, vox Dei.
WAR IS PEACE.  INFORMATION IS SLAVERY.  OUR FUTURE IS IN OUR HANDS.
Warning: I brake for no apparent reason.
Warning: this fortune may change your life.
Wars do not log out!
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Watch out for quantum ducks: Quark!  Quark!
We aim to please, but our aim is bad.
We are experiencing network trouble -- do not adjust your illegal descrambler.
We are faced with an insurmountable opportunity.
We are not in any immediate danger of having solutions that exceed the needs.
We continue to overlook the fact that work has become a leisure activity.
We did it for nothing, we did it in an hour, and the whole thing worked.
We don't know half of what we know.
We haul ours to kick theirs.
We have a really challenging assignment for you.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
We have the finest politicians money can buy.
We learn from history that we do not learn anything from history.
We must all hang together, or assuredly we shall all hang separately.
We never stand still longer than it takes to have an argument.
We offer every assistance short of actual help.
We place no reliance on Virgin or pigeon; Our method is science, our aim is religion.
We shall never understand one another until we reduce the language to seven words.
We try harder, they do better.
We use it but we do not love it.
We won't need reservations.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it...
We're scientists.  We have to do things we hate -- that even sicken us.
Welcome to the working week.
Well, the handwriting is on the Titanic, why not go gentle into that good night?
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
What I tell you three times is true.
What are our schools for if not indoctrination against Communism?
What did you throw that book I wanted to be read to out of about Down Under out for?
What distinguishes good software from poor software is customer satisfaction.
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
What good are the games if you ain't got the power?
What good is someone who can walk on water if you can't follow in his footsteps?
What if I go to New York and can't trust a menu?
What is mind?  No matter.  What is matter?  Never mind.
What is now proved was once only imagined.
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel.
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
What's in a name?  That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
What's the point to combing your hair when it's grey and thinning?
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
When an owl comes to a mouse picnic, it's not there for the sack races.
When does later become never?
When everyone's out to get you, paranoia is just good thinking.
When faced with the obvious -- look elsewhere.
When faced with two evils, one asks why only two?
When four sit to conspire, three are government agents, and the other a fool.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles; scream and shout.
When marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws.
When the Lord gets ready, you got to move.
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
When the going gets tough, the tough hold meetings.
When the map and the terrain disagree, trust the terrain.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
When time permits, your personal life will be exciting.
When traveling with a herd of elephants, don't be first to lie down and rest.
When you are over the hill, you pick up speed.
When you need a sledgehammer, the finest scalpel just won't do.
When you need to knock on wood is when you realize that the world is composed of vinyl, naugahyde and aluminum.
When you're damned if you do and damned if you don't, then DO!
Whenever I'm caught between two evils, I take the one I haven't tried before.
Where do you think you are, Civilization?
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
While I see many hoof-marks going in, I see none coming out.
Who can worry about a super-hero who vanishes when you change channels?
Who is the slayer, who the slain?  Speak...
Who knows if there are any answers?  -Edmund G. Brown, Jr.
Who needs companionship when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
Who's afraid of Louisa May Alcott?
Whom the gods must destroy they first must drive insane.
Why be a second rate Ravel when you can be a first rate Gershwin?
Why do they have this marked "Danger, do not touch"?
Why do we have two eyes?  To watch 3D movies with.
Why polish the corners off a sphere in a roomful of cubes?
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
With the wind in the east I can tell an eagle from a hammer.
With/Without -- and who denies it's what the fighting's all about?
Without alkaloids, life itself would be impossible.
Wombat omnia vincet.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Yamata wasami shuza.
Yea, from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
Yes, the red switch.
Yesterday's sensation is today's calibration and tomorrow's background.
Yogsothoth Neblod Zin.
You always find something in the last place you look.
You always think you know what you're doing, but you're too slick for your own good.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all different.
You are original and creative.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You can create your own opportunities this week.  Blackmail a senior executive.
You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.
You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float on his back, you've got something.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can tell a man by the company that keeps him.
You can't beat the bugs.
You can't build a bomb at 300 baud.
You can't capitalize your cake and expense it too.
You can't comb a hairy ball smooth.
You can't fall off the floor.
You can't forward backward.
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME
You can't have everything -- where would you put it?
You can't miss it.
You can't teach a dead dog new tricks.
You can't win, you can't break even, and you can't get out of the game.
You can't win.  But there are alternatives to fighting.
You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.
You cannot cross a chasm in two steps.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cook it, you sell it.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You don't have to play tennis any more, or talk to anyone who does.
You don't really want to know what the future holds for you.
You had mail.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have been transfixed by the gaze of the Edlund.
You have bills.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have mail.
You have personal talents that are attractive to others.  Be sure to use them.
You have plate mail.
You have slowmail.
You have snails.
You have splint mail.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot today.
You know, Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
You know, you never know.
You make the megabucks, I make the nanobucks...it's YOUR problem.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
You might have mail.
You need not worry about your future - it's going to be rotten.
You never know what you don't know, you know?
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
You press the button, and we'll do the rest.
You remind me of a TV show, but that's all right: I watch it anyway.
You scream and you leap.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You should go home.
You want it bad, you'll get it bad.
You weren't here so we did it anyway.
You will attend a party where strange customs prevail.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will make a small sum by investing in a business project.
You will make a small sum disappear by investing in a business project.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You win some, you lose some, and some go into extra innings.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
You'll just have to sleep faster tonight.
You've always got the option of having just committed suicide!
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
Your best dreams may not come true; but then neither will your worst dreams.
Your editor doesn't always know best.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive
Your empty file directory has been deleted.
Your intuition is excellent but another viewpoint could be helpful.
Your login has been changed.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your opponent wouldn't fight if he didn't think he had a chance.
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your theory is crazy, but not crazy enough to be true.
Zero is greater than minus zero, but don't ask by how much.
